daprcon-proposal-form (#196)
dapr/community: DaprCon/2022/proposal-submission-form.md

# DaprCon 2022 Proposal Submission Form

### We're excited to announce that DaprCon will be returning again for 2022!🎉🎉

> This year as part of CNCF, DaprCon will take place as part of KubeCon North America (NA) 2022. That said, we'd like the community's help - send us some presentation proposals with your unique Dapr scenarios, techical examples, and stories! We'll be accepting proposals from anyone in the Dapr community that's interested in presenting at DaprCon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This year as part of CNCF, DaprCon will take place as part of KubeCon North America (NA) 2022. That said, we'd like the community's help - send us presentation proposals with your Dapr scenarios, technical examples, and user stories! We'll be accepting proposals from anyone in the community that's interested in presenting at DaprCon. 
```
